c:\users\shoai_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PassiveListening\PassiveListening\Bin\Debug\Assets\ApplicationIcon.png
c:\users\shoai_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PassiveListening\PassiveListening\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileLarge.png
c:\users\shoai_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PassiveListening\PassiveListening\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileMedium.png
c:\users\shoai_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PassiveListening\PassiveListening\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileSmall.png
c:\users\shoai_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PassiveListening\PassiveListening\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileMediumLarge.png
c:\users\shoai_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PassiveListening\PassiveListening\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileSmall.png
c:\users\shoai_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PassiveListening\PassiveListening\Bin\Debug\PassiveListening.dll
c:\users\shoai_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PassiveListening\PassiveListening\Bin\Debug\PassiveListening.pdb
c:\users\shoai_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PassiveListening\PassiveListening\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\shoai_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PassiveListening\PassiveListening\Bin\Debug\Properties\WMAppManifest.xml
c:\users\shoai_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PassiveListening\PassiveListening\Bin\Debug\PassiveListening_Debug_AnyCPU.xap
c:\users\shoai_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PassiveListening\PassiveListening\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\shoai_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PassiveListening\PassiveListening\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\shoai_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PassiveListening\PassiveListening\obj\Debug\PassiveListening.g.resources
c:\users\shoai_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PassiveListening\PassiveListening\obj\Debug\PassiveListening.Resources.AppResources.resources
c:\users\shoai_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PassiveListening\PassiveListening\obj\Debug\PassiveListening.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\shoai_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PassiveListening\PassiveListening\obj\Debug\PassiveListening.dll
c:\users\shoai_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PassiveListening\PassiveListening\obj\Debug\PassiveListening.pdb
c:\users\shoai_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PassiveListening\PassiveListening\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
C:\Users\shoai_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\wp8-passive-listening\PassiveListening\Bin\Debug\Assets\ApplicationIcon.png
C:\Users\shoai_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\wp8-passive-listening\PassiveListening\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileLarge.png
C:\Users\shoai_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\wp8-passive-listening\PassiveListening\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileMedium.png
C:\Users\shoai_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\wp8-passive-listening\PassiveListening\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileSmall.png
C:\Users\shoai_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\wp8-passive-listening\PassiveListening\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileMediumLarge.png
C:\Users\shoai_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\wp8-passive-listening\PassiveListening\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileSmall.png
C:\Users\shoai_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\wp8-passive-listening\PassiveListening\Bin\Debug\PassiveListening.dll
C:\Users\shoai_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\wp8-passive-listening\PassiveListening\Bin\Debug\PassiveListening.pdb
C:\Users\shoai_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\wp8-passive-listening\PassiveListening\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
C:\Users\shoai_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\wp8-passive-listening\PassiveListening\Bin\Debug\Properties\WMAppManifest.xml
C:\Users\shoai_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\wp8-passive-listening\PassiveListening\Bin\Debug\PassiveListening_Debug_AnyCPU.xap
C:\Users\shoai_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\wp8-passive-listening\PassiveListening\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\shoai_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\wp8-passive-listening\PassiveListening\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
C:\Users\shoai_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\wp8-passive-listening\PassiveListening\obj\Debug\PassiveListening.g.resources
C:\Users\shoai_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\wp8-passive-listening\PassiveListening\obj\Debug\PassiveListening.Resources.AppResources.resources
C:\Users\shoai_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\wp8-passive-listening\PassiveListening\obj\Debug\PassiveListening.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\shoai_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\wp8-passive-listening\PassiveListening\obj\Debug\PassiveListening.dll
C:\Users\shoai_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\wp8-passive-listening\PassiveListening\obj\Debug\PassiveListening.pdb
C:\Users\shoai_000\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\wp8-passive-listening\PassiveListening\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
